
- Use File::Temp for creating the DB files
  (tie only takes a filename, so we need to check if the
   &FILEHANDLE open magic works, see perldoc perlopentut, section
   Re-Opening Files)
  PRIORITY: MEDIUM
  STATUS: I didn't get it to work :(

- Better system integration. I think here of a possible Debian package
  of the scripts. But this needs some coordination because of the actual
  naming of the perl modules. Namespace conventions?
  PRIORITY: LOW
  
- Of the Deb::Versions module, several
  implementations are floating around but not one of them is usable
  by other programs atm, this should be tackled
  (Known packages: devscripts, debbugs)
  PRIORITY: MEDIUM

- Add more capabilities to Packages::Pkg and Packages::DB, like
  reverse dependencies
  PRIORITY: LOW
  STATUS: reverse dependencies are too slow. Don't know if this
   can be solved with a better algorithm.

- Enable search_packages to search for virtual packages. The actual
  problem is to create a list of them in a effective way.
  PRIORITY: HIGH

- Support other output formats for the search_* scripts like XML or
  RFC822-style
  PRIORTIY: LOW
  STATUS: WIP

- Add a testsuite for regression testing. The annoying part is the
  generation and/or selection of testdata.
  PRORITY: MEDIUM

- The changelog extract script is really becoming a mess to maintain.
  (Or is it just me?) Perhaps it should be rewritten in something more
  maintainable and predictable like Perl.
  Minor problems: Doesn't work correctly if trying to extract from binary
  packages and they have a different version number then the source package.
  PRIORITY: LOW

- People would like to have the complete description available in
  the newpkg RSS feed.
  PRIORITY: LOW

- We really need a usable search backend. The most web search engines
  are suboptimal since they primarly support full text search but no
  "semantics". Perhaps I will try a LDAP backend. This would enable
  mighty searches, but may be too slow.
  PRIORITY: LOW

- Further improvements to the search: When finding no results, the
  scripts should offer more alternative searches (e.g. binary <->
   source). Suggested by Ganneff
  PRIORITY: LOW

- Make changelogs and copyrights more usefull. We could convert the
  changelog and copyright files to HTML and create links for
  URLs, Bugnumbers and email addresses
  PRIORITY: LOW

- Forward mails to <package>@p.d.o to <src-package>@p.q.d.o
  PRIORITY: MEDIUM
